I don't know if you have any data on why Jacob Wall was recently banned.
Do you have that?
Uh,
um,
I believe
who is chicken wall?
He's a,
I don't how to describe him.
He's a conservative personality but he's very,
very controversial for like fake news or something.
I don't know too much about him so I don't want to accuse them of things cause I
don't know who he is.
But he was,
uh,
he was in something where you tried accusing Muller of like sexual assaults and
it turned out to be like just completely fake.
Ridiculous.
Good.
This was a gentleman that was in the USA Today article where he admitted that he
was going to,
he had a use tactics in the past to influence your election and he will continue
to do so using all of his journals.
Yes.
When we saw that report,
our team looked at his account.
We noticed there were multiple accounts tied to his account,
so fake accounts that he had created that we're discussing political issues and
pretending to be other people.
Um,
um,
we would have phone numbers,
linking accounts together or email addresses.
And some cases,
Ip addresses,
other types of metadata that are associated with accounts.
So we can link those accounts together.
And having multiple accounts in and of itself is not a violation of our rules
because some people will have their work account,
the personal account.
It's when you're deliberately pretending to be someone else and manipulating a
conversation about a political issue.
And those were exactly the stint,
the types of things that we saw the Russians do,
for example,
in the 2016 elections.
So it was that playbook and that type of activity that we saw about Jacob Wall.
And that's why his accounts were suspended.
Did you investigate Jonathan Morgan?
I don't know who that is.
Why?
Uh,
that's,
that's the important question.
Why I don't,
I don't know who that is,
but that's,
that's,
it might be that someone at Twitter investigated him.
I personally don't know.
So,
uh,
one of the issues that I think is really important to get to is you should know
who he is.
He's more important than Jacob Wallets,
but for some reason,
you know about this conservative guy and not the Democrat who,
who helped metal in the Alabama election?
Well,
so Jonathan,
according to the sheer volume that they have to pay attention to it,
right,
right.
But it's,
it's about grains of sand making a heap and the flow of a direction where we can
see Jacob Wall has said he's done this,
so you're like,
we're going to investigate.
We banned him.
It was recently reported and covered by numerous outlets that a group called new
knowledge was meddling in the Alabama election by creating fake Russian accounts
to manipulate national media into believing that Roy Moore was propped up by the
Russians.
Facebook banned him as well as for their people.
But Twitter didn't.
He's still at it.
Did Bam.
The accounts that were engaged in the behavior.
I do remember,
I do remember signing this division,
our team that's worse,
that one.
So you didn't bend the guy doing it,
but you banned the people like so
in the case of Jacob,
while we were able to directly attribute through email addresses and phone
numbers,
his direct connection to the accounts that were created to manipulate the
election,
if we're not able to tie that direct connection on our platform or law
enforcement doesn't give us information to tie attribution,
we won't take action.
And it's not because of political ideology,
it's because we want to be damn sure before we take action on it.
So someone could use a VPN perhaps and maybe additional email accounts and they
could game the system in that we are certainly sophisticated ways that people
can,
can do,
uh,
things to mask who they are and what accounts that they're controlling.
Interesting internal conversation to just to provide more light and to what
happens.
Like I got to,
I got an email or a text from Vigia,
um,
one morning and said,
we are going to permanently suspend those particular account and it's not a,
you know,
what do you think it's,
we are going to do this.
And I then have an opportunity at task questions.
I asked a question why she gave me a link back to the document of all the
findings and USA Today.
Um,
we took the action,
I was on Twitter.
A bunch of people pointed me at this particular case since some of those tweets
to her what's going on?
So that's well that's in the background.
Wouldn't you just terminate anybody associated with the company that was doing
this?
I mean,
you keep in mind too,
at the time when this campaign was happening,
this is what basis he had,
he admitted to engaging in the operation in a quote to New York Times and you
banned the accounts associated with it.
So if you know he's the one running the company,
wouldn't you be like,
okay,
your gun,
um,
do you want us to take every single newspaper accounts attribution?
Because what we were able to do in the Jacob Wall situation was actually tie
those accounts in our own systems,
right?
That he will actually control the rounds.
Not just take the word of a newspaper article.
You said,
you said you band his accounts.
Yes.
And you know from his own statement and from his tweets that he was the run
running,
running the company Jacob Wall?
No,
no,
no.
Jonathan Morgan.
Oh,
sorry.
I'm getting confused about it.
Uh,
uh,
Jacob Wall.
It's announced in the USA Today.
He says,
I'm doing this and you're like,
okay,
we can look at his account,
we can see it.
We get rid of him with,
with new knowledge.
You said you did take it,
those counts down.
I believe we were able to take down a certain cluster of accounts that we saw
engaging in the behavior,
but we won't,
weren't necessarily able to tie it back to one person controlling those.
Like even if they say they did it and this is where I get back,
like we like to have some sort of attribution that's direct that we can see.
Would we just take the any newspaper or any article at face value and just
action them?
That's a good,
you have to contact him and get some sort of a statement from him in order to
take down his account.
And obviously I don't think he would admit to manipulating Twitter if Twitter
asked him.
So the fact that he communicated with the newspaper,
right,
to clarify,
uh,
what they said,
what,
what they claimed to the New York Times was that it was a false flag.
Uh,
near Time said they reviewed internal documents that showed,
they admitted it was a false flag operation.
Um,
the guy who runs the company said,
Oh,
his company does this.
He wasn't a aware necessarily,
but it was an experiment.
So He's,
he's given kind of a,
in my opinion,
duplicitous,
like,
you know,
not straight forward,
but at the time of this campaign,
which he claims to know about,
he tweeted that it was real.
So during the Roy Moore campaign,
he tweets,
wow,
look at the Russians.
Then it comes out later.
His company's the one that did it.
So you're kind of like,
oh,
so this guy was propping up his own fake news.
Right?
Then when they get busted,
he goes,
oh,
it's just my company doing an experiment.
But you tweeted,
it was real pyramid.
You use your verified Twitter account to push the fake narrative your company
was pumping on this platform.
And so,
so the point I want to make I guess is
it sounds like we need to take a closer look at this one
ban and bring back Morgan murder.
Well Meghan Murphy,
Megan Murphy,
sorry.
Morgan Murphy is a friend of mine.
Te Te te te to,
sorry Morgan.
So this is the,
I haven't read the story.
It's been like two months since the story broke.
So I could have my,
you know,
I don't want to,
I don't want to get sued and have my facts wrong,
but the reason I bring this up was not to accuse you of wrongdoing.
What's the point out that I don't,
I don't think that the people who work at Twitter are twirling their mustaches,
laughing,
you know,
bad press in the band button whenever they see a conservative.
I think it's just,
there's a bias that's unintentional that flows in one direction.
So you see the news about Jacob Wall and I think there's a reason for it too.
There's a couple of reasons for one,
yours,
your staff is likely more,
you've mentioned more likely to lean left and look at certain sources.
Uh,
so you're going to hear about more things more often and take action on those
things as opposed to the other side of the coin.
But,
but we,
we have to consider like where the actions are taking place.
And I'm speaking more broadly to the 4,000 people that we have as a company
versus no deliberateness that we have on bridges team.
I just mean when we,
when we look at a company wide average of all of your employees and the
direction they lean versus the new sources they're willing to read,
you're going to see a flow in one direction,
whether it's intentional or not.
And so I think the challenges,
well we don't generally rely on new sources to find stipulation of our platform,
but we're looking at what we're seeing,
the signals we can see.
And once in a while we will get tipped off to something.
But like for the most part when we're looking at manipulation,
it's not like the New York Times can tell us like what's going on on the
platform where the ones that have the metadata of bank accounts were the ones
that can see patterns of behavior at scale.
I hear your point.
I knew one name and I didn't know another name and it was because visual said
you don't work permanently banning this account.
And yes,
we,
we didn't have the same sort of findings in the other particular account,
which I got feedback on pastor her and,
and we didn't find what we needed to fund.
I think
to be clear,
the team had taken action on those stuff months ago when it actually had
happened.
Tried it.
Yeah.